Emitting k8s event (#868)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/guide/statuses.md

On webhook if it's a pull request

## Failures

> Pipelines As Code reports errors occurred by emitting them as kubernetes events in the Repository namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a namespace has been matched to a Repository, Pipelines As Code will emits its log messages in the kubernetes events inside the `Repository`'s namespace.
```
